README.md, before:

# My Popclip extensions

These are some personal Popclip extensions I use on a regular basis.

## List of extensions

 * **Jira ID**<br>
   ![Jira ID Sample](https://cdn.rawgit.com/Dreamseer/popclip-extensions/master/jira-id-sample.png)<br>
   You all know this: The Project Manager Guy comes along asking “Hey,
   what about LOLPROJECT-1337? Will it be in the release next week?”, or
   the Controlling Guy asks “Can you put some estimates on AWESOME-42?”
   And you need to fire up your browser, type in the URL of your Jira
   installation, append the ticket ID… ugh! Struggle no more, here comes
   the Popclip Jira ID extension: Just select the ticket ID, click the
   fancy Jira icon in Popclip and… abracadabra, there you go!
   Additionally the URL is put into your clipboard.

## License

Copyright (c) 2014 Marc Görtz, http://marcgoertz.de/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Fixed typos, added URL to PopClip.

README.md, after:

# My PopClip extensions

These are some personal [PopClip](http://pilotmoon.com/popclip)
extensions I use on a regular basis.

## List of extensions

 * **Jira ID**<br>
   ![Jira ID Sample](https://cdn.rawgit.com/Dreamseer/popclip-extensions/master/jira-id-sample.png)<br>
   You all know this: The Project Manager Guy comes along asking “Hey,
   what about LOLPROJECT-1337? Will it be in the release next week?”, or
   the Controlling Guy asks “Can you put some estimates on AWESOME-42?”
   And you need to fire up your browser, type in the URL of your Jira
   installation, append the ticket ID… ugh! Struggle no more, here comes
   the PopClip Jira ID extension: Just select the ticket ID, click the
   fancy Jira icon in Popclip and… abracadabra, there you go!
   Additionally the URL is put into your clipboard.

## License

Copyright (c) 2014 Marc Görtz, http://marcgoertz.de/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
